rumor
All of your Holy Master's tips were learned from me
It's sort of a spread.
speak out
A nameless junior
You still dare to claim to be the master of the Holy Lord
The Holy Lord is now a saint in the realm of great perfection
Only one step away from breaking through the tenth level of dominance
What qualifications do you have to teach him, old man?
Are you Qingyun Xianjun?
Qingyun Xianjun
If he is Qingyun Xianjun
I'll rip my head off and kick it
If I were
How should you respond?
Empress children can only lie
Not long ago, I spent a lot of money to construct a fresh pair
Portrait of the New Army
Let you open your glasses today
Why did you just hear about it?
Dominate the marcher
Even a portrait
You don't have to lose the charm of Tiandao
Kneeling and worshiping can improve its cultivation
It's so useful.
It really is.
So
When buying it back home for worship at all costs
How about the heroic appearance of my ancestors?
The difference between you and the light ancestor in the portrait
What's there to say?
A lie can make you so happy
Great elder, this money is spent on true value lies